Has magnetism and electricity are connected forces, the question then is how i can utilize that for such a project like an arc reactor. 
May be possible to build a perpetual induction machine. If i completely vacuumized the main chamber as much has possible, maybe it could work efficiently enough to generate 
energy, however how efficent would it be?

looking at ginormous hydroelectric dams and how they generate electricity, the size of the turbines are massive, yet the electricity they produce
is no where near the levels of energy needed for a project like mine, even with the size of it

I need something the size of my hand, yet able to produce a massive amount of electricity. Such a feat is not possible yet.

I have two options: Way high tech generator: I.E. learn how to generate the energy myself at such a small size, or, a far more intriguing and slightly more possible idea, would be to 
build a better battery. The only problem with such a better battery is that it is also much impossible. You end up at the old conondrum, has shown in rocket science:
The more weight you add, the more fuel you need to use to propel your space craft

for instance if you need 50 kilos of fuel to lift a 100 kilo ship, then you add the 50 kilos of fuel, however, now your ship weighs 150 kilos, and if you need 25 more kilos to lift the ship, now your ship weighs
175 kilpos etc. etc. But since its batteries, not fuel, I wouldn't be able to use goplers law involvnig rocket science... has the batteries
do not lose much weight when it becomes energy

einsten once said, quite famously, that e = mc^2

or in other words, energy = mass(grams? kilograms?) * 670,615,604^2

if you look at that statement, one unit contains a MASSIVE amount of energy. If I could figure out how to tap into that energy in a clean,
non attaching burning metal object to my chest way, then I'd be able to power the whole world, and cheaply at that has well.
So the question you have to ask is how?

fission is a very inefficient way of doing this. It works, but they use the energy to heat water into steam which then turns turbines round
and round. Fusion would be more efficent, but again, the energy is just wasting in heating water. Is there a possible way to power it without just 
"spinning turbines"?
 
Such a method would be revolutionary. But the problem is is there is no science to support it.

Another question I have deals with the amount of energy outputed in a nuclear bomb. Nuclear bombs are the most destructive bomb invented
If I built cold fusion or something else similar to it, eventually, someone will weaponize it, and I will be responsible for creating
the most dangerous weapon ever created.

How can i reasonibly build something like that? It'd be capable of leveling cities... and easily at that... A malfunction in the reactor,
well not creating a "chernyobl" type chain reaction, could still be capable of outputting a high level of nuetron radiation, especially since nuetrons are almost impossible to stop by anything but distance
